Here at Udacity, We believe you learn best by doing.
That's why there are a bunch of projects and practice quizzes throughout the course.
This will help you develop fluency in SQL,
Python, and Git through the lens of a data analyst.
When you complete each project,
you will submit it to one of our expert reviewers,
who will give you personalize feedback.
The projects in this program will be an awesome addition to your portfolio.
These projects have been specifically designed to mimic
what projects you would encounter in an actual data analysis job.
So, take on these projects knowing that you're definitely learning
skills that you can showcase and talk about in your portfolio.
In the first project,
you will use SQL Queries to analyze a relational database about movie rentals.
You'll write SQL code to query both basic and advanced SQL Queries,
and create visualizations to show your findings.
In the second project,
you'll use Python to analyze by share data collected from three cities.
You'll write code to clean the data, compute descriptive statistics,
and create visualizations to show how the data is distributed and in the final project,
you will build a GitHub profile and use version control to
share a few examples of concepts that you have learned in this course.